docs(discover): Adds some clarification around the message key search (#4867)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/search/searchable-properties.mdx

| Key/Token                     | Description |
|---------------------------| ----------- |
| location | Restrict results to the events with a matching location. |

> | message | Restrict results to events with a matching message. This filter will also match on any message containing the supplied value.<br /><br /> Searching `message:undefined` will match an event with a message of `undefined is not an object`.<br /><br />  Raw token searches are searched against `message`. |

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean by "raw token searches". I'm thinking maybe searches that have no key and only a value, but I'm not sure. Is there another way we can say that?

Author: Hey Isabel! Yup that's what we're trying to mean with "raw token searches".
I took a look at some of the existing docs for this kind of search and it seems they're referred to as "optional raw searches". Should we also use this terminology here?

```suggestion
| message | Restrict results to events with a matching message. This filter will also match on any message containing the supplied value.<br /><br /> Searching `message:undefined` will match an event with a message of `undefined is not an object`.<br /><br />  Optional raw searches are searched against `message`. |
```

Reviewer: Since we only use that terminology once in the docs, I'd say let's be really explicit here, so folks don't have to figure this out. 

```suggestion
| message | Restrict results to events with a matching message. This filter will also match on any message containing the supplied value.<br /><br /> Searching `message:undefined` will match an event with a message of `undefined is not an object`.<br /><br />  Raw text searches (searches without the `message` key) are also checked against this field. |
```

Author: 👍  Thanks Isabel! That update looks good to me, I've committed it!
